this may look like some kind of bizarre
fancy dress party but it is in fact a
drill to prepare for an animal skip at
Thomas ooh in Japan as part of the
unusual training exercise a member of
staff is dressed up as a zebra while
other zookeepers trying to capture him
the drill is designed to prepare staff
in the event of an earthquake letting
the animals eyes and the park director
believes it's a very useful exercise if
something major actually happens then of
course there's the real animals but
there is a performance aspect to this in
that it's also to increase staffs
awareness if something were to actually
escape then of course that would be very
bad but for the zebra himself it wasn't
the most pleasant of experiences my
question Gino's forefinger I know every
time the newest employee wears this and
so since I'm the new guy I was the one
who had to do this so if I had to say
something to whoever does it next
I'd have to warn them that inside does
indeed become a bit stinky was sweat and
so they should think think about how to
deal with that hi I'm Lisa the news
editor at ITN productions and I'm here
to introduce this guy this is Phil and
we want to tell you about a brand new
channel you should talk to each other hi
I'm from the team at truthloader YouTube
channel dedicated to investigative and
citizen journalism we're talking about
everything from inflatable space
stations for the ongoing situation in
Syria we're also live every day with our
Google Hangouts make sure you don't miss
out on any of the cool stuff going on on
the other side
subscribe now